Coverage/README.md, before:

## Implementing code coverage for iOS projects

### Project settings

 * **Generate Test Coverage Files** (*GCC_GENERATE_TEST_COVERAGE_FILES*): YES
 * **Instrument Program Flow** (*GCC_INSTRUMENT_PROGRAM_FLOW_ARCS*): YES
 * Add a fopen hack to your **application** (not the tests bundle), see below.

Note: you do not need to link to profile_rt in recent Xcode!

Consider adding new configuration "Coverage" (based on Debug configuration) for these options.

## Viewing coverage results

[CoverStory](http://code.google.com/p/coverstory/) is a great OS X application for viewing coverage results.

## A hack to make SDK happy

```c
#include <stdio.h>

FILE *fopen$UNIX2003(const char * __restrict, const char * __restrict);
FILE *fopen$UNIX2003( const char *filename, const char *mode )
{
    return fopen(filename, mode);
}

size_t fwrite$UNIX2003(const void * __restrict, size_t, size_t, FILE * __restrict);
size_t fwrite$UNIX2003( const void *a, size_t b, size_t c, FILE *d )
{
    return fwrite(a, b, c, d);
}
```

Add the code above to any .c file that is going to be linked into your application (must be in app itself, not the tests bundle). You can find this file in the source tree above.
Alternatively, you can link libCoverageFopenFix.a to it. This is a "fat" library that can be used both with for device and the simulator build.

Commit message:

added a reference to gcovr converter

Coverage/README.md, after:

## Implementing code coverage for iOS projects

### Project settings

 * **Generate Test Coverage Files** (*GCC_GENERATE_TEST_COVERAGE_FILES*): YES
 * **Instrument Program Flow** (*GCC_INSTRUMENT_PROGRAM_FLOW_ARCS*): YES
 * Add a fopen hack to your **application** (not the tests bundle), see below.

Note: you do not need to link to profile_rt in recent Xcode!

Consider adding new configuration "Coverage" (based on Debug configuration) for these options.

## Viewing coverage results

[CoverStory](http://code.google.com/p/coverstory/) is a great OS X application for viewing coverage results. You can use [gcovr](https://software.sandia.gov/trac/fast/export/2406/fast/trunk/scripts/gcovr) to use it with continuous integration (Jenkins [cobertura](http://cobertura.sourceforge.net/) plug-in).

## A hack to make SDK happy

```c
#include <stdio.h>

FILE *fopen$UNIX2003(const char * __restrict, const char * __restrict);
FILE *fopen$UNIX2003( const char *filename, const char *mode )
{
    return fopen(filename, mode);
}

size_t fwrite$UNIX2003(const void * __restrict, size_t, size_t, FILE * __restrict);
size_t fwrite$UNIX2003( const void *a, size_t b, size_t c, FILE *d )
{
    return fwrite(a, b, c, d);
}
```

Add the code above to any .c file that is going to be linked into your application (must be in app itself, not the tests bundle). You can find this file in the source tree above.
Alternatively, you can link libCoverageFopenFix.a to it. This is a "fat" library that can be used both with for device and the simulator build.
